1)Calculated function - It works as a row context.
2)Sum function - It works as a column context
3)Filter - To filter a particular column of data one filter is present in the calculate function then it will override another filter.
4)All functions - Removes all filters everywhere. ALL() can only be used to clear filters but not to return a table.

5)Lookup function - If there is a relationship between the table that contains the result column and tables that contain the search columns, in most cases, using the 
RELATED function instead of LOOKUPVALUE is more efficient and provides better performance.

6)PathFunction- 1)Path function -It shows hierarchy - the first column should be unique data rows, 2nd column can contain duplicates.
		2)Path length -Shows cout of items in Path.Ex- Anu|Somya - 2
		3)Path Item - Returns a specific item, based on the index number.Ex -  Anu|Somya|Ram,2
		4)PathItemReverse = It counts the item from the back.
		5)Path Contains - It checks whether the item is present or not and gives results in true or false.

7)Logical Function - 1)If condition - Checks whether the condition is true or not
                     2)And condition - If both conditions are true then evaluates
                     3)If_And condition
                     4)OR function
		     5)Not Function
                     6)Switch function
 		     7)COALESCE Function
                     8)If Error
                     9)In Function

8)Date Function - 1)Edate - Returns the previous or future date
                   2)YEARFRAC - calculate the age based on DOB
                   3)Emonth -Returns the date in datetime format of the last day of the month, before or after a specified number of months
                   4)DateDiff - Return the difference between two dates.
                   5)Year - To fetch year from date
                   6)Month - To fetch month from date
                   7)Day - To fetch the day from the date
                   8)Edate -Returns the date that is the indicated number of months before or after the start date
                   9)Utc_Today - UTCTODAY returns the time value 12:00:00 PM for all dates.
                   10)UtcNow -The result of the UTCNOW function changes only when the formula is refreshed. It is not continuously updated.
                   11)WeekDay -Returns a number from 1 to 7 identifying the day of the week of a date. By default, the day ranges from 1 (Sunday) to 7 (Saturday).
                   12)WeekNum - Returns the week number for the given date according to the return_type value. The week number indicates where the week falls numerically within a year.
                   13)Quater -Returns the quarter as a number from 1 (January – March) to 4 (October – December).



9)Sum Function - It is an Aggregate function, and works in a column context.

10)SumX Function - It is an Iterator function, and works in a row context.

11)Split Function - 1)Find function
                    2)Left Function
                    3)Right Function
                    4)LEN Function
                    5)Split Function - It uses FIND and Left function


12)Count Function - 1)Count Function - it doesn't count blank cell 
		    2)CountA- it counts blank cell
                    3)CountBlank
                    4)CountRows
                    5)Distinct Count
                    6)CountX - it is an iterator, it doesnot works on a boolean value, ignores blank value, works in a row context
                    7)CountAX - it is an iterator, it works on a boolean value, ignores blank value, and works in a row context                 