1)What is Query Folding?
Ans -In power query in applied steps where we perform transformation on data (like, rename, delete) convert an M language(mashup language) to a native data source language(SQL).

2)What is DAX?
Ans - Data Analysis Expression is a library of functions and operators used to perform calculations on data or measures. 

3)What are the 2 modes of data connection?
Ans - 1)Import method -1) We create a copy of data in Power Bi in import mode ,and when data size is less than 1 GB.
                       2) We can create a multiple relationship in model

      2)Direct Query - 1) It used with real time data , when data is too big More than 1 GB., to connect to server.
                       2)we can create a limeted no of relationship as compared to Import method.
                       3)We can see only Model view and report view. (Table view is not present)
                     

4)How to handle text scenarios in Power BI?
Ans - In the order table we have order ID - CA-2020-234222 - Canada(Ca) is the country code,2020 is the year,234222 is the ID 
      Solution - Separate this by using the first two characters or by Deliminator, Range (Use Extract option at Top)

5)What are the conditions for appending two queries?
Ans - 1) Data type should be the same
      2) Column Row no should be the same.(if row no is not same it will take null values)

6)What are a Fact Table and a Dimension Table?
Ans - Fact Table - Fact table are the center of Data in the table. It contains a Foreign key.
      Dimension Table - The fact table attribute is called Dimension Table. It contains the Primary Key.

      Ex-  Order Table (Fct Table)
           Dimension Table - (attribute) - Product,Region, Customer, Sales Table

7)What is snowflake schema and starshema?
Ans - Star schema - It contains a Fact and Dimension Table.
	Fact Table - Fact table are the center of Data in the table. It contains a Foreign key.
        Dimension Table - The fact table attribute is called Dimension Table. It contains the Primary Key.
        There is single relationship between Fact to Dimension Table(Fact table is connected to Dimension Table)

      Ex-  Order Table (Fct Table)
           Dimension Table - (attribute) - Product,Region, Customer, Sales Table

Snowflake Schema - The Dimension Table get splitted into 2 tables or more than 2 tables is called snowflake schema.
There is Dimension To Dimension Relationship.
-  Order Table (Fct Table)
           Dimension Table - (attribute) - 1)Product - ProductCategory
                                           2)Customer - CityTable,
8) Seperat 300Rs. I want only 300
Ans - There is a option - to split column BY Number, Deliminator

9)Limitations of using Direct Query Mode?
Ans -Query limit: A single query can't return more than 1 million rows. If the query returns more, Power BI will throw an error.
Data changes: You must refresh to see the latest data.
Consistency between visuals: Different visuals might be refreshed at different times.
Schema changes: You must refresh in Power BI Desktop to reflect schema changes.
Table use: You can only use tables from a single database.
Data editing: You can't edit your data by query editor.
Time intelligence: You can't use time intelligence capabilities.
Date time limitations: DirectQuery only supports seconds, not milliseconds.
Offline access restrictions: There are offline access restrictions.
Reporting limitations: Using filters, totals, multi-select slicers, and median can lead to degraded report performance.
Calculation limitations: DirectQuery mode has restrictions on calculations and data transformations.
Data source limitations: DirectQuery mode depends on the compatibility and performance of the data source.
Performance impact: DirectQuery's real-time data access can impact performance.
Local caching: DirectQuery mode has limited capabilities for local caching of data. 

10)How we can convert snowflake schema to star schema?
Ans - To convert a snowflake schema to a star schema, you can merge sub-dimension tables into the main dimension tables, then update the main dimension tables and add columns with data from the sub-dimension tables.

11) Write a DAX CODE TO find how much females contributed in Total sales in Maharashtra, Gujrat, Punjab?
Ans - Total Sales = CALCULATE(SUM(Sales[Amount]), FILTER(Sales, Sales[Gender] = "F" && Sales[State] IN {"Gujarat", "Karnataka", "Punjab"}))

12)How you can refresh Data in power Bi online services?
Ans - By Data gateway intallation- 
     1)There is option of refress in Datasets Tab.
     2)Go to settings and check Data source credentials
     3)Then finally refress data
  
To schedule refress on based on daily basis - use option schedule refress on daily basis and add time.

13) What is sumerize function?
Ans- SUMMARIZE will summarize the huge number of data rows into one table with a provided criteria column. 

14) how we can apply group by DAX?
Ans- Sumerize,Agregate funtion,SUMX

15)4 user roles in power bi online service?
Ans - Admin, Viwer,Contributer or Member

16)Steps to publish app in power bi online service?
Ans-1)Create the app
2)Add content to the app
3)Create and manage multiple audiences
4)Publish the app  

17)What is stored procedure in Mysql?
Ans- When there is complex queries , to resuse again and again we write stored procedure, then we call that stored procedure in Mysql as a function.

18)What is Row level security(RLS)
Ans- Row-level security (RLS) in Power BI is a data governance feature that limits the data that users can see in a Power BI report or dataset. RLS uses filters to restrict data access at the row level, and users can be assigned roles that define those filters. For example, a manager might see data from all countries where their company sells products, but an employee might only be able to see data for Germany.
SQL Questions:
1) what is diffrence between Rank and Dense Rank?
2)How does partition works?
3)To show rank of top 3 student?

Azure Quetions:
1)what  is blob storage and Azure Data Lake(Gen2)
2)Archtecture of Azure?
3)Layers of Azure?Explain
4)Explain Maven Model?
